/* Seperate the Numbers Hackkerrank Solution Golang

A numeric string,s, is beautiful if it can be split into a sequence of two or more positive integers
satisfying the following conditions:
1. a[i]  a[i-1]=1 for any 1<i<=n(i.e., each element in the sequence is more than the previous element).
2. No contains a leading zero. For example, we can split into the sequence , but it is not
beautiful because and have leading zeroes.
3. The contents of the sequence cannot be rearranged. For example, we can split into the sequence
, but it is not beautiful because it breaks our first constraint (i.e., ).
The diagram below depicts some beautiful strings:
You must perform queries where each query consists of some integer string . For each query, print whether or not the
string is beautiful on a new line. If it's beautiful, print YES x , where is the first number of the increasing sequence. If
there are multiple such values of , choose the smallest. Otherwise, print NO .

Solutions:
 
 We need to follow the follwing steps in order to get the solutions
 
 1)If we get any single digit input we can directly print NO since it will not satisfy any of the conditions required
   for the beautiful string
 
 2)For any string containing more than single digit, we will try to follow below substeps:
    2.1)We will get ith length digit by the function getIntFromString() and assign it to num1
	
	2.2)We will try to increment by 1 num1 and concat it to numStr till it is equal to the length of the string 
    
	2.3)Finally we will compare the numStr with the original string if it is equal then we have find the beautiful string.
	   Otherwise,we will keep incrementing the i till the half length of the string because if we add 1 to the length of the 
	   number which is greater than half length of the string then it won't be possible to get the beautiful string
	   E.g
	      99100
		  half_length=2
		 Take length=3
		 then num=991
		 
		 Add 1 to the num, num=992
		 and then concat  so the final string 991992 so the length is the greater than the original string
	
  